# October 2019 Core Meeting Agenda

## Events (8:05pm)

 - No event recap this month, but Bonnie did meet with Josh and talk to him about how we could support his transition.  He still wanted to help us connect with event sponsors, so Bonnie has asked some DTLA people who have been maning the tables to work on a first draft for a [checklist for tabling HfLA events](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12u6LHHp9MfgT521a9auijLGdk8iGo0Da3oGbEI7sIKg/edit ) once Josh has arranged them.  Josh will take the second pass.

## Discussion

- Sponsors overview, Community Partners application
    WR mentioned the application to CP in November cohort - will share application with     the leadership team. https://communitypartners.org/ 
- Fundraising upcoming. Earned revenue (LAFH) vs non-program funding.
    LAFH project = willing to pay to accelerate process - trying to find money (meeting with Phil Ansel at HI + United Way) 
    Pay volunteers for PT work (eg project manager already on the project) team members working about 20 hours/week. + people who could do more time if they had a space to work, and others who need to be paid. 
    Different angles = funding for managerial side of things, but also to pay for appropriate support + development to meet needs of our 'clients'...
    e.g. need for more experienced support, especially with UX research + design. 
 
 Looking at other fiscal sponsors just in case - http://saveourplanet.org/about-see/mission-purpose/
 
 Other fundraising = 
 - looking at big foundations where grants come with less strings attached (eg Microsoft, Google, etc...) 
 - earned revenue e.g. from united way for LAFH project
 - grants for organizational development
 
- advisory board
     -> Ev Boyle, Catherine G + Lily Kim to be on board
     
- SOLA funds situation
     -> partnerships with the Will.i.am Angel foundation (working as sponsors of the SOLA hacknight until we get the Co money) 
     -> publicity of relationship? WR to check with Lily terms of relationship. 
     -> LA County funds exist but we need to have the right insurance to be able to 'unlock' the money = process ongoing through hackerfund, and CP would definitely have it if we are accepted as members. 
     -> looking for 'in-kind' locations as alternative to Sip + Sonder
     
- Winter happy hour 
  - Friday 12/13 or thursday 12/12 (but friday was prefered, several people had classes on Thurs).  
  - The vote was overwhelming for DTLA, but that is because there are more attendees at DTLA's hacknight.  At Santa monica, the vote was 16 to 11 Santa Monica.  
  - Several DTLAers pointed out it would take an hour to get to Santa Monica on the train at the end of the work day.
  
  -> MAB to check with Arts District Brewery if they have space for Friday 12/13 (if not = 12/12 instead... 
  -> WR to maybe organize an alternative night in SM


MOU timeline (Nina) NAV call
- v aggressive timeline = to be signed by Thanksgiving
- CfA = no rush to figure out our fiscal sponsorship situation as we can always amend it... 
- add annual reporting process for the brigades to review their year + talk about successes and needs = give CfA a better high level view of brigade's work.


## FYI

- Bonnie's reimbursement - The current total due from HackerFund is now at $1,017.53 for both Summit and Congress. Bonnie is not full godzilla yet about it. But she did send Justin a slide deck after he misunderstood her expense report.
- Veronica came to our three hack nights when she was in town and it has led to a deeper relationship between our brigade and CFA.
- Nina, Wes and Bonnie had meeting with Veronica about more travel support for Brigade Congress and Summit, more infulence over who receives the support, etc.  We agreed to work on a new go forward plan together.  
  - Veronica will discuss internally, how much they are willing to increase their travel support (we are not the only large brigade that has asked).
  - Nina and the NAC are working on a doc for educating our membership about those events so that we can open the application process to help achieve the DEI goals of CfA.
  - Once the above is done, we will work on a local promotion plan.

## Action Items
